c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\AcmeFrontEnd.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\AcmeFrontEnd.pdb
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\obj\Debug\AcmeFrontEnd.dll
c:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\obj\Debug\AcmeFrontEnd.pdb
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Client.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Common.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.ContentModel.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Packaging.Core.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Packaging.Core.Types.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Packaging.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Repositories.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.RuntimeModel.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Versioning.dll
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Client.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Common.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.ContentModel.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Frameworks.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Packaging.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Packaging.Core.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Packaging.Core.Types.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Repositories.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.RuntimeModel.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\bin\NuGet.Versioning.xml
C:\Users\svc_biztalk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Acme\AcmeFrontEnd\obj\Debug\AcmeFrontEnd.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
